Islam is often presented as a very simple
religion.
It’s just submission to Allah.
But if you dig a little deeper, you find out
in the Qur’an (Surah 4, verse 65) that submission
to Allah requires complete obedience to all
of Muhammad’s decisions.
And that’s where Islam gets a lot more complicated,
because Muhammad’s decisions are spread
across thousands of stories in the Hadith.
Most Christians don’t have the time, or
the sources, or the desire to go through this
material and figure out what Islam teaches.
No problem.
That’s what we’re here for.
We’re happy to serve that role in the body
of Christ.
But we should all keep in mind that there
are more than 1.6 billion Muslims in the world,
and that Islam places a strong emphasis on
preaching and winning converts.
Chances are, we’re not going to be there
when your Muslim friends preach Islam to you,
or when your children go off to college and
hear about how wonderful Islam is, not only
from their Muslim friends, but also from their
professors.
It seems, then, that Christians in general
need to know something about Islam.
Rather than throw everything at you at once,
I’m going to give you three simple verses.
Now I would love to see Christians around the
world learn maybe a dozen or so Qur’an verses
that I think are very important.
But if I were to narrow down the list to just
three verses, these would be the three.
First, Surah 4, verse 157.
By the way, Surahs are basically chapters.
So, Chapter 4, verse 157.
This verse gives you the Islamic view of Jesus’
crucifixion.
Let’s read it:
They said (in boast) [“they” here are
the Jews] ... They said (in boast), “We
killed Christ Jesus the son of Mary, the Messenger
of Allah”—but they killed him not, nor
crucified him, but so it was made to appear
to them, and those who differ therein are
full of doubts, with no (certain) knowledge,
but only conjecture to follow, for of a surety
they killed him not.
Notice that Jesus wasn’t killed.
He wasn’t even crucified.
Islam denies that the crucifixion of Jesus
ever took place.
But if Jesus was never crucified, why do people
believe that he died on the cross?
The Islamic view is that Allah miraculously
disguised someone to make him look like Jesus.
And it was this other person who was crucified,
not Jesus.
The reason you believe that Jesus died, according
to Islam, is that Allah did an excellent job
tricking everyone.
It’s interesting to ponder the theological
depths false prophets will go to in order
to deny what Jesus did for us.
Second, Surah 5, verse 47.
Muslims often claim that the Bible has been
corrupted, but there are plenty of verses
in the Qur’an which show that, if the Bible
has been corrupted, Allah certainly doesn’t
know anything about it.
5:47 is one of these verses.
In 5:47, Allah commands Christians to judge
by the Gospel.
He says,
Let the People of the Gospel judge by what
Allah hath revealed therein.
If any do fail to judge by (the light of)
what Allah hath revealed, they are (no better
than) those who rebel.
Allah commands us to judge by the Gospel,
and he says that we’re rebels if we don’t.
Clearly, we can only judge by the Gospel if
we actually have the Gospel.
So the Qur’an assumes that we have reliable
scriptures.
Of course, if we obey Allah, and we judge
by the Gospel, we have to judge that Islam
is false, because Islam contradicts the Gospel.
The Gospel says that Jesus died on the cross;
the Qur’an (Surah 4, verse 157) says that
he didn’t; the Qur’an tells us to judge
by the Gospel; therefore, if we listen to
the Qur’an, we have to reject the Qur’an.
Third, Surah 9, verse 29.
If you’ve never understood why Christians
and other religious minorities are so horribly
mistreated in places like Iraq, and Egypt,
and Pakistan, the reason for the abuse is
found in the Qur’an.
Allah commands Muslims, once they are in the
majority, to violently subjugate Christians
and Jews.
Allah says in 9:29:
Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the
Last Day (notice it says “fight those who
do not believe,” not “fight in self
defense”; this is a command to fight people
based on their beliefs).
Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the
Last Day, nor hold that forbidden which hath
been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger,
nor acknowledge the Religion of Truth, from
among the People of the Book (the People of
the Book are Jews and Christians), until they
pay the Jizyah with willing submission, and
feel themselves subdued.
Muslims are commanded to fight us until we
pay tribute to them and feel ourselves subdued.
We have to acknowledge our inferiority and
accept our status as second-class citizens
who don’t have the same rights as Muslims.
This command has probably led to more oppression
than any other command in history.
If you watch my videos, you might already
be familiar with these three verses.
But I would encourage you to pass this video
on to your friends.
Islam’s most powerful asset in the West,
with the possible exception of political correctness,
is ignorance.
If people don’t know anything about Islam,
Muslim preachers, along with groups like CAIR
and ISNA, can say pretty much whatever they
want to say about Islam, and no one will know
any better.
But if certain facts about Islam become common
knowledge, our discussions with our Muslim
friends will be much more productive.
So, pass this video on, and if you’d like
to learn more about Islam, be sure to visit
us at AnsweringMuslims.com.